Progetto H2020 POMPEIILAB 2015 {#progetto-h2020-pompeiilab-2015 .entry-title}
==============================

**Progetto H2020 POMPEIILAB 2015**\
The landscape is a tool through which we can view our reality, initiating a process of rebuilding our contemporary identity. It allows us to position ourselves in the world, to relate to our history, to let us feel "living together". The landscape is intimately linked to the possible relationship with the man and the natural events which shape its look. Traditionally, the approach to the landscape reveals the identity of individuals who live in contact. Everyone watching from a personal perspective, the result of a set of human, aesthetic and scientific relations. Today the landscape acts as a tool to understand the signs of our lives. Past and present. It, directly or indirectly, inspires our common life. In this context, the project PompeiiLab aims to reconstruct and describe the past history and the contradictions of the modern Vesuvius landscape.\
More specifically, the history of the archaeological site of Pompeii, with its presence of ancient area in a contemporary landscape. The evolution of the landscape is in fact deeply linked to the evolution of civilizations that occupied or abandoned it, according to the catastrophic natural events of different times. The scientific data that will be obtained by geological, archaeological, anthropological, botanic, and historical researches, and from the study of agricultural techniques, as well as by several three-dimensional models of the\
landscape in different historical periods; they will provide the opportunity for scholars, students, and ordinary citizens to learn about the history of the place in which they live, by means of a popular and creative model. The reconstruction of a three-dimensional landscape will be connected to a soundscape, an olfactory contribution, and an explanation of the places.. An entertainment space dedicated to the enjoyment will welcome visitors through three-dimensional installations that allow observing the sites and their subsequent transformations over time. Sound systems will talk about the natural features and the presence of man. The visit will be brought forward by a didactic section, provided in several languages, preparatory to the visit. This installation may be taken as a high-definition demonstration prototype that can be employed for other archaeological sites and museums.

[Leggi Progetto H2020 POMPEIILAB 2015 \>\>\>\>\>\>\>\>](wp-content/uploads/2017/03/Progetto-H2020-POMPEIILAB-2015.pdf)

[Chat del 18 marzo 2017](index7efb.html?p=810 "Permalink a Progetto H2020 POMPEIILAB 2015")[Progetti](index0b40.html?cat=9)[H2020](index3914.html?tag=h2020), [POMPEIILAB](index21fb.html?tag=pompeiilab), [UE](index3f45.html?tag=ue)[angelo](indexcd64.html?author=1 "Vedi tutti gli articoli di angelo"){.url .fn .n}

[← Progetto H2020 NATECH 2015](index20df.html?p=806) [Progetto H2020 RESILIENT EUROPE 2015 →](index3eda.html?p=814)

